Usual CCA timings: Wednesdays and Fridays, 2.30-5.30pm

If you've ever had a love for programming, robotics or computers then HC Infocomm Society is the right CCA for you!

In terms of CCA size, there are 9 members in our batch this year, four of whom also take Computing as a subject.

There are two types of competitions that we participate in: Infocomm and Robotics. For Infocomm competitions, some of those that we participate in include SPLASH Awards, the flagship app-development competition organised by the Singapore Computer Society in which we came in overall Champions last year; the National Olympiad of Informatics (NOI) organised by NUS School of Computing, where we had 2 Silver and 3 Bronze medallists last year. As for Robotics, there is the National Junior Robotics Competition (NJRC) where we came in second for Sumobot category last year; IDA Labs Tech Factor Challenge with a $4000 seed fund per team; and RoboCup Singapore.

We are looking for members who have some background in either programming, robotics or multimedia design, and is eager and interested to learn more. You can expect to be challenged; for example in preparation for NOI our members learn algorithms and data structures normally taught in intermediate-level university courses. You also have a high degree of autonomy during non-compeition periods to work on your own projects or collaborate on one with other members.

Why should you join us? Here you will get to work with and learn from highly passionate and motivated members who are experts in their own fields, be it algorithmic design, web stack development, or UI design. In today's world, programming is the second most widely-applicable skill after maths, making what you'll learn highly relevant. Finally, you will be equipped with practical infocomm skills to build amazing things, from collaborating on open source projects to launching your own tech startups.

For more information, you may contact me (Fan Pu, Vice Chairman) at 85226349 or Dae Koon (Chairman) at 92460438.
